Are you using NPM and do you think you
are secure? Maybe you're not. There is
another supply chain attack on NPM
registries right now and it already
happened last week and it just burned
millions of user on using all of those
packages. What's the solution? Is it all
because of AI workflows and
capabilities? Watch this video right now
and uh subscribe. This morning at 6:00
a.m. ET, Socket Security, I think I'm
going to have follow this account and
put them on notification [laughter]
because every day it's happening, right?
Socket is is investigating an active NPM
supply chain attack compromising
hundreds of package in the NV ecosystem.
>> They're investigating then you're you're
already too late.
>> ECharts for React, a widely used React
wrapper for Apache ECharts with roughly
1 million weekly downloads. Socket
quickly detected the malicious published
wave and classified the affected version
unknown malware. The affected packages
that include widely used NV package such
that NVG2, G6, X6. Did you ever use any
of those? I don't, but I think the
biggest issue is that most people don't
know what they use because if you
install a package, it can include
additional packages. Yeah. Oh yeah,
yeah, because yeah, you install package
and then it's a dependency of someone
else, so you can't even track it, but
it's yeah, you have the whole collection
behind it. When you deploy, you also
freeze the version. Well, not everybody
does that. You can freeze the version,
but if you use package one and that's
the only one that you include and that
includes additional other ones, it can
still install the latest updates of the
other ones even if you set the version
to a version. Oh yeah, so the dependency
is on latest version and you install
always the same, but the dependency will
be
>> They will be the malicious ones and that
that's the biggest issue, I think,
because you don't know what the other
ones are and you don't even care because
you trust on your NPM package that it's
correct. Yeah. And then it works. Isn't
that the biggest issue that people trust
the the code from other devs and just
install it without looking, but it's way
too much to research everything? Yeah,
exactly. Like, welcome to open-source
software. Yeah. You push you push
something publicly, it's used by million
of other people, and then you get [ __ ]
because you forget your 2FA on your
ex-girlfriend phone. People who are just
doing vibe coding, they just accept
everything. And the only test they do is
when I click the button, does it do what
I want it to do? Yeah, no, exactly. But
also like, a vibe coder will not have an
impact of a million-dollar company that
in revenue is like set up, you know? I
have seen some vibe coders who just say,
"Okay, I want to have some software to
manage my leads and my clients. Let me
just vibe code it, deploy it on lovable,
and just load in all my customer data."
People are vibe coding really important
[ __ ] and not thinking about security.
Without Cloud Metos, we get like big
hacks like this one on the NPM packages.
I think you can call those the small
ones if you see what's coming. Everybody
was laughing about these. But what if if
Cloud Metos can find it and disguise it
so that the firewall doesn't find it or
the security check. So, there is no ping
to a dev on, "Hey, something weird
happened here." It just is done as
separate functions that just control it
together. Yeah. I mean That makes it
really hard. And it's the same thing
like we had the the attacks last week
where they faked the credential where
they faked the The cache The cache
poisoning, right? Yeah, people didn't
see it. Or they And then they come onto
a desktop and they try to fake like like
the security and everything so that your
device trusts the new update. Yeah, then
you are already too late. Yeah, and then
you update to the new the new version,
but it's already cracked, too.
>> Yeah, it it uses the certificates that
the application normally uses as well.
So, it's all looks legit. It's crazy.
Yeah, but does this mean that security
is going to be the next multi-billion
dollar market for every dev? For sure.
Security is hard and everyone will have
access to security skills with a smart
model. So Yeah, but not everybody uses
how to know it. You can give everybody
tools, but they don't know how to build
the house. But do you need to know
security issues to use code to prompt an
attack a domain name that have been vibe
coded by 6 years old? That is going to
code before coding. No, no,
no. Not by vibe coded applications.
Those should be easy. So, yeah. And then
you can vibe code like a stripe like up
and then you code a stripe code. Even
vibe coders even don't add the
functionality to to add a security
against brute force or something. So,
they don't think about it. They just
vibe code and say, "I need a new login."
You don't think about it because you
don't know about it. So
>> Yeah, that's the issue. More people
[snorts] are building stuff. More people
are vibe coding stuff and the models are
getting smarter to have to to run
security pen test and all everything
that's what we paid like 5 years ago
some security firm to check the our
infrastructure for 15 grand, right?
Everyone can can create a new business
that will be yeah, you will charge like
500 bucks a month and you can monitor
security stuff. Where there is money to
be made, there is like more people to
try to do it, right? Yeah. I just think
security is going to be a bigger and
bigger part of coding. Behind the scenes
hardening Firefox with clone meters. If
we have browser issues directly, that's
going to be fun, too. I think most of
the people won't even know that there
are issues at the moment. Yeah. But
there probably are.
A 15 years old bug in the legend element
triggered by meticulous orchestration of
HKS across distant parts and parts of
the browser including weak weaker
recursions stack depth limit expando
properties and cycle collection. Like,
okay, cool. A raw non-crossing an IPC
boundary can masquerade as a tagged GS
object pointer. Cool. How do you find
those bugs? That's why you have metas,
but that's also if they didn't find the
bugs for 15 years. If we didn't have AI
and found a double check up front, then
everybody switches. Not exactly. Yeah,
again, like if the whole the big
providers have access to the model like
3 months before the public, then the
race is like it's okay, right? Yeah,
they will make sure that a lot of bugs
and issues are solved before it even
reaches us. Yeah. Oh. And they have to.
That's the That's their income. I've
reached the point where I no longer
wants to download anything from anywhere
due to the fear of contamination of
everything. Yeah, it's crazy. That's I
think that's the point of a lot of where
a lot of developer are right now. Yeah.
And with bugs before you and and
security issues, you need to download it
first and on execution, you get the
issue. So, you can scan it, but this is
during the installation. This is This is
a bigger issue. Sounds like, you know,
like in crypto when when you we have
when we had like some new stuff to try
on new tools, etc. If it was a download,
you don't you just don't do it. No. A
lot of YouTubers are getting attacked
like that. They download the PDF and
then they get [ __ ] right?
>> Yeah, yeah, there was a script in the
PDF. We are here with devs. Yeah, and
still it's impossible to check
everything. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah,
how do you install like, for example,
Ship Codes? Are you going to run like a
brew install Ship Codes, which is like a
I ID slash a
project management tool for AI and then
I think yeah, it's a thing. Argentic
orchestrator? Yes. An orchestrator? And
I'm going to install that on my computer
and maybe the bundle is corrupted. Well,
the only thing I can do is I still have
my Mac mini here that's that's clean. I
just use it for testing. That's it.
>> Are you going to test every component in
a Docker container then?
>> No, but if that's needed and that's the
only thing to keep it secure, how many
choices do you have? Exactly. I hate
Docker on local because it's taking like
40 GB for a [ __ ] one container. Yes.
Then we are going to do local host dev
in the cloud. Yeah, or just a a big
server at your own place. Yeah. Yeah.
And we are going back to hardware. I'm
really sure that a lot of companies are
going back to locally hosted servers in
their own offices with a big firewall in
front of it. And the only way to get in
is VPN. Yeah. Yeah, but then you you
will have like AWS instances and then
all of you dev will connect to those
instances. I don't know how that works
in like a big company like if they have
There is basically like a your computer
is just like What was the computer like
the Google the the the one 100% in the
cloud? Yeah, the Chromebooks. Yeah, the
Chromebook. Everything would be a
Chromebook that's connected to your
internal server and you code on that and
all of the agent are running on that
blah blah blah and you just broke
because you don't need resources
anymore. Yeah, but that's the same that
what they did with the thin clients,
right? The the smaller PCs and you just
use Windows to log into an external
computer and you work in the external
computer. That's it. A virtual desktop.
I like that. And [ __ ] maybe I should do
that for myself. So, when do you expect
the next one? We have the NPM packages
today, so tomorrow morning we will have
the next big one.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
You can have You can have like the
socket accounts notification on and they
will tweet. You will wake up to 50
tweets. Yeah, they will they will they
will tweet again. Yeah. Maybe maybe we
should all like follow and subscribe to
them for sure because it's not the last
one. But then the other question, eh?
Everybody was also talking about Slash
code going to bed, waking up the next
morning and your code base was updated
fully with everything and it was working
while you're sleeping. Do you even trust
that with all these hacks? Yeah, man.
It's It's a strange world, but we're
still trying to figure it out anyway,
right? Yes. What do you think? I think
we just keep on going because we are
secure so far and we are doing proper
checks. We have proper setups. We don't
just push everything. So, it's about
knowing what you're doing as well and
not just five coding. Yeah, we probably
like minorly we are probably like
injected some security vulnerabilities
and we we are not aware of it. Yeah.
Well, they will get fixed eventually.
Yeah. Inshallah.
>> Thank you, Michelle. Thank you for your
comments. I don't know if you're still
here, but if you're still here, thank
you for watching and for the watch
hours. Thank you. And yeah, Michelle,
enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
Same for you. Everyone else, subscribe,
comment, help us with the algo the
algorithm cuz uh we need subscribers.
So, let's go. Bye.
Enjoy your day.
