You see a lot of people saying if my company went bankrupt and I needed 100k at the end of the month,
this is what I would do and they come with these incredible ideas where AI can just optimize your
entire CEO, create pages where it can automatically email, where it can find you leads for new
websites or whatever. So I thought I named it King and King is going to be a king in lead generation
and getting me projects so I can make money. Do you want to know about Rockbot? Watch this
video because it's gonna be gold. So on August 11th, Rockbot launched. It's basically an open
clue that works. Yeah and the entire cursor team was posting about it saying that it was doing
everything for them. It is cool and it works. I tested it and it even made me a summary this
morning but then again I had a meeting and I told that you need to give me an update at 9am on how
late I need to leave and then it started working at 9am so the update came a bit later and it gave
me a time and it said yeah you needed to leave five minutes ago. Okay so do you code with it?
No. From it? No, no I use it as a PA. Do you code with it? No, I try. Basically what I do,
I set up as a company like all the time when I start those, I try those agents like agentic
workflow stuff. So I hire a CEO, CTO, marketing officer, blah blah blah and then I see how they
interact between each other which is like honestly the agent to agent conversation.
That's a pretty nice feature. It's pretty well executed right? As you can see yeah chief of
staff for example like chief of staff talk to inbox manager or sales inbound whatever
and gave them a couple of months and that would be that could be really powerful.
That's cool to see you did a different setup than I did. So all of those are French name because I
came. Chief of staff basically that's my main bot and yeah like I basically talk mainly to this one
and he hire the other agents when there is a new need and stuff. QA engineers which I like a lot
because it's that's the main feature that I use it's testing and like the app I work on directly
from production. Yeah so basically the Grok bot has its own VM that it spins up and everything
it does it does it in the VM. Exactly and you have one computer for your account and all of
the agents that you have it's a new virtual desktop. Yes each one has a virtual machine.
Exactly. Well if you get an error in your system or a notification something went wrong you can
push it to the bot. Yes. And it will check it and it will create a GitHub issue. That's exactly that
what happened here I'm testing the feed agent and I'm trying to break it so it was really fast to
break it it just like generate one image a simple red apple on the whiteboard and then first error
boom let's go but that was automated so now I can deploy production get the QA engineer will be
notified and try again same request click on retry whatever send a new request see if it breaks
create monitor the sentry errors fix it right away this is this is huge yeah all of those agents are
linked and I like I discovered that you can create like folders there do you would you create one
project or having like one CTO that code in every repo. Well I start a project base because I don't
want it to do everything a few projects I don't want them to to check and to make sure that they
do nothing with the emails or whatever yeah always a box so I made a project manager for each project
and said only stuff related to this project can be handled otherwise nothing. What do you think
about the UX UI like here because it's raw it's really raw it's really but it's really out of the
box and when you compare that to grok or every like other interface when you have those two girls
like you assign a project you assign a folder you assign cloud VM whatever and you have that which
one is better well it depends what you want of it in the in the ones where you have your folders
and your guardrails and everything you decide on what you want to do but here you drop a task
and it just fixes it and it doesn't matter how it does it yeah so you need to trust that's working
properly and you do the same thing when you have a PA hired just a real person you give it give him
or her a task and you get a result later and this bot is doing the exact same thing like yeah you
you learn how to delegate more to the little yeah and then what you can do if you open the
the Linux virtual machine the VM you can record one of your routines and it will do it the exact
same way every day as you do it you can teach a task and if you click it here record yourself
doing a task and curie learns the steps and can run them again on its own holy shit so you just
need to show it how you do it and i think it it is like excel macros you remember you do in excel
you click here you click there and the excel macro repeats exactly your steps and does it over and
over again this is the exact same thing okay so i could even queue the app record it say oh this
is why click click click and then noise so if you spend some time you can teach it what it needs to
do and it has routines and everything okay that's nice now we have a demo from you right yeah yeah
i think we can do some testing with the grog bot yes let's do that i was checking and you see a
lot of people saying if my company went bankrupt and i needed 100k at the end of the month
this is what i would do and they come with these incredible ideas where ai can just optimize your
entire ceo create pages where it can automatically email where it can find your leads for new
websites or whatever so i thought i named it king and king is going to be a king in lead generation
and getting me projects as well i can make money so what i want to do i wanted to research the
internet and here in the inner netherlands around eindhoven found me three of your companies every
day uh that don't have a proper website or need a new website well we think that we can improve it
um then we use grog builds to build a website and king is actually going to email those people
and do the first responses so you're my sales personal assistant for an english youtube live
stream so you see it already gave it some information i told it that we have 30 minutes
so i gave you two to three minutes maximum for task well that is just for now but normally you
need to have it work a little bit longer and i want to find small companies in or around eindhoven
that have two to eight people no multinationals no chains that need a new website target five if
it's instant one is enough just for the demo right now and i had grog do some research for companies
that have money but don't have a website and it said well if you have plumbing electrical uh
people um those are like engineers who don't know how to build a website they have money because
they have a high hourly rate but they want to don't want to do anything i wanted it to go to
google and to actually search read this on camera oh that's cool here in the top right you see it's
yeah so it actually told me right now what i need to read to you so see you are a meat puppet bro
yeah yeah i i don't have a choice but uh site on my screen does the insulasty technique in valto over
so it's insulation technical people one person shop inside logo two links so man that's good okay
and then it says i found one and you can see here in the vm it actually started google and it went
searching for something and i can use it as well but yeah this is exactly the customer that i want
they have a website and we can just try to improve it it's public so build me a prompt that i can go
ahead and put a new website yeah so build me a prompt that i can put into grog build to create
a new website for this one yeah yeah whatever that will do yeah so it will create a prompt and
everybody knows that with prompt i can just put it in it generates a website i did one for another
one but here it is and then like you connect to resend and then you have the whole pipe to send
emails and drop down yeah can you send emails as well uh with a proper proposal to the lead that
you just found i'm going a bit fast through it right now but now it should ask me if it can log
into my email so and it gives me the option for outlook gmail and yeah whatever i want so it says
i can now we're not sending the email but this is actually smart because when i did like examples
before it would just ask me to log in and to just send it in one prompt you find the lead that uh
you just need to find one thousand and then you have some passive revenue right so what you want
to do next is can you create a routine from this and schedule it daily so me doing this after five
or ten emails i am out i need to create a website so it will take just too much time and if you only
get like one or two customers it's not enough income but if you can have the pod do this
automatically then it will just keep on creating leads and then customers and you can ask for
references and it is like a real business that you're building see and now this is the routine
you can also deactivate it you can test run it and it created the description what it needs to do
which is basically your prompt and like that's gonna yeah that's my entire example and it just
does it on weekdays at 8 56 a.m and you will also have a full history so basically this is the bot
big rock but we just gave one example but whatever you can imagine now why you need a repair or a
task that's going to keep on repeating even if it's boring as hell just have to bug do it i mean
and you can do exactly that for every app on earth and you can even like do lead gen for apps that
have a referral affiliate the discount i think that's a nice demo main yeah and i think we can
wrap it up on that right like basically last week was a good week we had a fantastic model then we
have nice tool to play with and to start over like 10 000 new business or at least one where you can
make websites to or company that's need the better one yeah start a selling machine exactly yeah
finally yeah thank you mitchell and thank you for your time and your demo like that was great
and we will see you same place same time and like subscribe follow us on linkedin
twitter we're gonna be everywhere yes bye
